I got into archery based on the fact that I was kind of a geek when I
was growing up. I used to play Dungeons and Dragons and you know that
they're like these warriors and elves and my favorite character was
like, a ranger, so he always had his little helper friend, you know,
like kind of pet and he'd always go shoot things, so. I grew up in
Alabama and we used to shoot guns a lot too, and the fact that I was
into that kind of a game and the fact that I used to shoot guys myself
really got me into like, long distance kind of sports. So, I got
my two expert, my marksman and my sharp shooter qualifications and
because I'm really good with my eyes, you know, that got me into archery
because it's a lot easier to do here rather than shooting guns.